[docs] Update EAS Insights introduction to include info on how to view Insights tab in Expo dashboard (#26017)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas-insights/introduction.mdx

  ]}
/>

After installing the library, create a build either with [EAS](/build/setup/) or [locally](/guides/local-app-development/). The library will automatically send events to EAS Insights when the app is launched.

### View insights

> To view insights data of your app, in the Expo dashboard, select the project under **Projects** tab and then click on the **Insights** tab in the sidebar.

Author: ```suggestion
To view insights data of your app, in the Expo dashboard, select the project in the navigation menu and then click on the **Insights** tab.
```
